A wireframe is a visual guide you create in the 
early stages of web design that provides the 
skeletal framework of a website. It allows you to
define the information hierarchy of your web
design, which makes it easier for you to plan the
layout based on how you want your user to process
the information. It's like an architectural
blueprint of the website to understand how to build
it. It's also helpful for determining how the user
interacts with the interface without being
distracted by colors or styles.

Wireframes allow you to make changes to your web
design more quickly, easily, and efficiently by
having a visual representation of the early stages 
of the site. They also make the coding process much 
easier since you already know what elements you 
need. In addition, it allows you to improve site 
navigation by testing it out in the early stages, 
as well as make content development sites more 
design friendly. Wireframes are also great because 
you can show them to the customer to address issues 
early in the web design project.

I decided to download the wireframing tool Balsamiq 
and at first I was having issues getting started, 
so it was kind of frustrating for me, but once I 
started getting ideas of where I wanted certain 
things to go it became easier and more enjoyable 
for me. I really liked being able to physically see 
the layout and where everything would go. I was 
happily surprised by how easy and simple the actual 
process was of creating the elements of the 
wireframe. I really enjoyed playing with my 
wireframe and playing with different types of icons 
and links. I changed my idea quite a few times, 
going back and forth between certain layouts and 
even once in awhile I just deleted everything and 
started from scratch. My end design ended up being 
a mix between my original idea and things I 
researched on the internet. 

The only part of this challenge I had questions 
about was getting started, I didnâ€™t know where to 
begin or how to organize the information. Being 
that I have never made a wireframe before, my 
confidence was not great in the beginning of the 
designing. I googled wireframing as well as looked 
at a ton of examples of different websites online, 
I just wanted to get an idea in my head of what 
else was out there. I even found a video explaining 
how a user normally looks at a website in a F 
shape, so they first look horizontally across the 
website and then work their way down. This was very 
helpful for me to determine where I wanted certain 
things to go. I really enjoyed the creativity 
involved in this challenge and that we got to 
design our website however we chose to, the only 
part I felt was tedious was getting started.


![Website Index Wireframe](/lmarkzon/lmarkzon.github.io/Wireframe-Index.png)

![Blog Index Wireframe](/lmarkzon/lmarkzon.github.io/wireframe-blog-index.png)
